Documenting the myriad of configuration options (#210)
getnelson/nelson: docs/src/hugo/content/documentation/configuration.md

* [database.driver](#database-driver)
* [database.connection](#database-connection)
* [database.username](#database-username)
* [database.password](#database-password)

#### database.driver

At the time of writing, Nelson only supported H2 as its backend datastore; this field should typically not be changed by administrators.

```
nelson.database.driver = "org.h2.Driver"
```

#### database.connection

Depending on the driver specified in the `nelson.database.url` field, configure an appropriate JDBC string:

```
nelson.database.connection = "jdbc:h2:file:/opt/application/db/nelson;DATABASE_TO_UPPER=FALSE;AUTO_SERVER=TRUE;"
```

#### database.username

If your database is using authentication, specify the username with the `username` field:

```
nelson.database.username = "admin"
```

#### database.password

If your database is using authentication, specify the password with the `password` field:

```
nelson.database.password = "some password"
```

----

## Datacenters

<span class="badge badge-warning">required</span>

> The datacenters configuration section is what controls the various places that Nelson can deploy too. Within this section you can configure how Nelson knows how to talk to your scheudler of choice, instruct Nelson where it's Vault instance is, configure dynamic PKI and so forth. The structure of this section is namespaced by the datacenter in question; consider the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The datacenters configuration section is what controls the various places that Nelson can deploy to. Within this section you can configure how Nelson knows how to talk to your scheduler of choice, instruct Nelson where it's Vault instance is, configure dynamic PKI and so forth. The structure of this section is namespaced by the datacenter in question; consider the following example:
```

```
datacenters {
  texas {
    ...
  }
  portland {
    ...
  }
}
```

> In this case two datacenters are configured: `texas` and `portland` - be aware that the names here are arbitrary, but once you choose them it is highly recomended to avoid changing them in the future as end-users can target specific datacenters for data-gravity or placement reason using the [datacenter stanza](/documentation/manifest.html#datacenters) of the Nelson manifest file, so future changes can be potentially disruptive. It is also highly adivsable that you choose unambiguous naming. For example, regions in [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/) are things like <br/> `us-west-1` and `us-west-2` whilst region names in [GCP](https://cloud.google.com/) are `us-west1`; using these very similar names verbatim can be exceedingly confusing for users. Most companies internally have some taxonomy for their datacenter naming, so using something that users can identify with is usually advisable. Some Nelson users like to use regional airport codes, or even internal codewords - whatever scheme you choose, ensure users understand it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case two datacenters are configured: `texas` and `portland` - be aware that the names here are arbitrary, but once you choose them it is highly recommended to avoid changing them in the future as end-users can target specific datacenters for data-gravity or placement reason using the [datacenter stanza](/documentation/manifest.html#datacenters) of the Nelson manifest file, so future changes can be potentially disruptive. It is also highly advisable that you choose unambiguous naming. For example, regions in [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/) are things like <br/> `us-west-1` and `us-west-2` whilst region names in [GCP](https://cloud.google.com/) are `us-west1`; using these very similar names verbatim can be exceedingly confusing for users. Most companies internally have some taxonomy for their datacenter naming, so using something that users can identify with is usually advisable. Some Nelson users like to use regional airport codes, or even internal codewords - whatever scheme you choose, ensure users understand it.
```

```
consul.acl-token = "XXXXXXXXX"
```

Note that as of Consul 1.4+, a new ACL system was introduced to Consul and the token provided to Nelson should have an ACL policiy that uses something like the following:

```
service_prefix "" {
  policy = "write"
}
node_prefix "" {
  policy = "read"
}
key_prefix "" {
  policy = "write"
}
event_prefix "" {
  policy = "read"
}
key_prefix "_rexec" {
  policy = "write"
}
```

Depending upon your configuration - both of Consul and of Nelson - the above policy could be restricted further to reduce the security profile, but this example definition should provide an indicitive configuration as a starting point.

#### consul.username

While not specifically required by Consul, it is common for operators to put a basic-auth proy in front of their Consul UI, which can impeed Nelon's ability to access the Consul API. If this is the case, specify the `username` here:

```
consul.username  = "XXXXXXXXX"
```

#### consul.password

> While not specifically required by Consul, it is common for operators to put a basic-auth proy in front of their Consul UI, which can impeed Nelon's ability to access the Consul API. If this is the case, specify the `password` here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While not specifically required by Consul, it is common for operators to put a basic-auth proxy in front of their Consul UI, which can impede Nelon's ability to access the Consul API. If this is the case, specify the `password` here:
```

If *not* running inside a Kubernetes cluster, but instead interacting with one remotely, then it is nessicary to configure a [kubeconfig](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/configure-access-multiple-clusters/#create-a-second-configuration-file) file that has the needed information to access your cluster.

Note that this design allows users to continue to use whatever Kubernetes authentication scheme they are using, without any specific integrations being needed inside Nelson.

```
kubernetes.kubeconfig = "/opt/application/conf/kubeconfig"
```

#### kubernetes.timeout

Controls how long Nelson should wait for timeouts when interacting with Kubernetes. This configuration parameter is useful to tune if your Nelson is interacting with a remote cluster in a regional datacenter (i.e. datacenters further away from Nelson will require a longer timeout because of the networking latency). If tuning this parameter, monitoring the Nelson logs and metrics carefully to ensure you do not synthetically introduce high failure rates.

```
kubernetes.timeout    = 3 seconds
```

----

### datacenters.*.infrastructure.nomad

<span class="badge badge-info">optional</span>

> This section controls how Nelson interacts with [Nomad](https://www.nomadproject.io/). If you are not using the Nomad scheudler in your datacenter, then you can omit this section. When launching tasks onto your Nomad instalation, Nelson will use the API and requires no external binaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section controls how Nelson interacts with [Nomad](https://www.nomadproject.io/). If you are not using the Nomad scheduler in your datacenter, then you can omit this section. When launching tasks onto your Nomad installation, Nelson will use the API and requires no external binaries.
```

```
nomad.timeout = 500 milliseconds
```

----

### datacenters.*.infrastructure.vault

<span class="badge badge-warning">required</span>

This section controls how Nelson should interact with the Vault configured in this datacenter. At the time of writing, Vault is a hard requirement and must be configured.

* [vault.endpoint](#vault-endpoint)
* [vault.auth-token](#vault-auth-token)
* [vault.timeout](#vault-timeout)
* [vault.auth-role-prefix](#vault-auth-role-prefix)

#### vault.endpoint

Specify the URL that Nelson can reach your Vault server at. It is highly recomended that this communication take place over HTTPS, and the certificate in use matches the domain being used on the remote server. If you can sucsessfully cURL from the Nelson machine to the Vault endpoint, then Nelson should be able to interact with Vault without issue.

```
vault.endpoint   = "https://vault.texas.company.corp:1234"
```

#### vault.auth-token

As Nelson is *generating* Vault policies, it requires a fairly privilidged authentication token, which should be specified as follows:

```
vault.auth-token = "XXXXXXXXX"
```

> The token that is used here should typically have the ability to create, list and delete vault policies, along with creating [backend auth roles](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/auth/) (if your schuedling setup needs that functionality). For more information on Vault policies, please [read the Vault documentation](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/concepts/policies.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The token that is used here should typically have the ability to create, list and delete vault policies, along with creating [backend auth roles](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/auth/) (if your scheduling setup needs that functionality). For more information on Vault policies, please [read the Vault documentation](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/concepts/policies.html).
```

---
layout: "single"
toc: "false"
title: Configuration
preamble: >
  For installation instructions, see the [user guide](/getting-started/install.html) section. This reference guide covers the various configuration options Nelson can have in its configuration file and explains why you might want them.
contents:
- Overview
- Core
- Auditing
- Cleanup
- Database
- Datacenters
- Docker
- Email
- Github
- Network
- Pipeline
- Security
- Slack
- Templating
- User Interface
- Workflow Logger
menu:
  main:
    identifier: docs-configuration
    parent: docs
    url: /documentation/configuration.html
    weight: 5
---

## Overview

> Nelson is configuring using [Knobs](https://github.com/getnelson/knobs) which is a Scala port of the [Data.Configurator](http://hackage.haskell.org/package/configurator-0.3.0.0/docs/Data-Configurator.html) library from Haskell. This format is well-specified and using Knobs allows Nelson to give better, more accurate error messages in the event of a user configuration error. More practically, Knobs supports a simplistic syntax for common data types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nelson is configured using [Knobs](https://github.com/getnelson/knobs) which is a Scala port of the [Data.Configurator](http://hackage.haskell.org/package/configurator-0.3.0.0/docs/Data-Configurator.html) library from Haskell. This format is well-specified and using Knobs allows Nelson to give better, more accurate error messages in the event of a user configuration error. More practically, Knobs supports a simplistic syntax for common data types:
```

```
# strings
thing = "value"

# numbers
foo = 123

# durations
delay = 30 seconds
another = 1 minute

# lists of strings
list-of-thing = [ "buzz", "qux" ]

# list of integers
list-of-int = [ 80, 443 ]

```

> In addition, Knobs allows for "grafting" which can make using the configuration file easier for operators. For example, Knobs supports grafting:

Reviewer: `For example, Knobs supports grafting:`

this language is a bit strange

```
# overrides.cfg
nelson.network.discovery-delay = 3 minutes
```

Which can be "grafted" on a parent template:

```
nelson {
  ....
}
import overrides.cfg
```

> This is frequently useful to assembly configuration from discrete modular parts. For a more exhasutive description of the configuration format itself, please see the [Knobs documentation](http://verizon.github.io/knobs/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is frequently useful to assemble configuration from discrete modular parts. For a more exhaustive description of the configuration format itself, please see the [Knobs documentation](http://verizon.github.io/knobs/).
```

All configuration in Nelson is a sub-config of the `nelson` scope / namespace. This can either be specified using "block" sytanx, or "inline" syntax. Consider the following example:

```
# nested block syntax
nelson {
  timeout = 4 seconds
}

# which can also be written using inline syntax:
nelson.timeout = 4 seconds
```

> These are 100% functionally equivalent, and there is no prescription on what style you use where in your deployment of Nelson. This guide uses inline syntax for referencing specific fields, simply for compactness and readability in this guide. It is however recomended that the block syntax be used in production deployments, as the Nelson team believe it is more readable for most users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are 100% functionally equivalent, and there is no prescription on what style you use where in your deployment of Nelson. This guide uses inline syntax for referencing specific fields, simply for compactness and readability. It is however recommended that the block syntax be used in production deployments, as the Nelson team believe it is more readable for most users.
```

----

## Core

Some configuration in Nelson is "top-level" in the `nelson` scope. These options are typically core to how Nelson operates, and Nelson administrators should carefully review these options to ensure that they are set to values that make sense for your deployment.

* [nelson.default-namespace](#nelson-default-namespace)
* [nelson.discovery-delay](#nelson-discovery-delay)
* [nelson.manifest-filename](#nelson-manifest-filename)
* [nelson.proxy-port-whitelist](#nelson-proxy-port-whitelist)
* [nelson.readiness-delay](#nelson-readiness-delay)
* [nelson.timeout](#nelson-timeout)

#### nelson.default-namespace 

upon receiving a github release event, where should Nelson assume the

> application should get deployed too. This can either be a root namespace,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
application get deployed. This can either be a root namespace,
```

> or a subordinate namespace, e.g. `stage/unstable`... its arbitrary, but the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or a subordinate namespace, e.g. `stage/unstable`... it's arbitrary, but the
```

namespace must exist (otherwise Nelson will attempt to create it on boot)

```
nelson.default-namespace = "dev"
```

#### nelson.discovery-delay

> The frequency on which should nelson write out the discovery / routing protocol information to your configured routing sub-system. This should typically not be set too high as it will affect the frequency and choppiness of updates in the runtime. For example, if you set the value to 10 minutes and wanted to migrate traffic in 30 minutes, you'd end up with 3 large "steps" in that traffic-shifting curve (assuming a linear specification). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The frequency at which nelson should write out the discovery / routing protocol information to your configured routing sub-system. This should typically not be set too high as it will affect the frequency and choppiness of updates in the runtime. For example, if you set the value to 10 minutes and wanted to migrate traffic in 30 minutes, you'd end up with 3 large "steps" in that traffic-shifting curve (assuming a linear specification). 
```

```
nelson.discovery-delay = 2 minutes
```

#### nelson.manifest-filename

When Nelson fetches the repository manifest, this field controls what filename Nelson should be looking for. By default, the expectation is that this config is a path from the root of the repository, but can be specified with relative paths (from the root of any given repository).

```
nelson.manifest-filename = ".nelson.yml"
```

#### nelson.proxy-port-whitelist

> When using Nelson [load balancer](/getting-started/routing.html#load-balancers) feature, to avoid exposing random ports on the internet, administrators can keep a whitelist of the ports they are permitting to be exposed. This helps mitigate issues with security surface areas, whilst not restricting users to some hardcoded defaults.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Nelson's [load balancer](/getting-started/routing.html#load-balancers) feature, to avoid exposing random ports on the internet, administrators can keep a whitelist of the ports they are permitting to be exposed. This helps mitigate issues with security surface areas, whilst not restricting users to some hardcoded defaults.  
```

```
nelson.proxy-port-whitelist = [ 80, 443, 8080 ]
```

#### nelson.readiness-delay

How frequently should Nelson run the readiness check to see if a service deployment is ready to take active traffic. How frequently this needs to be will largely be affected by the routing sub-system you have elected to use. For example, queries to Consul, vs queries to Kubernetes. 

```
nelson.readiness-delay = 3 minutes
```

#### nelson.timeout

Controls how long Nelson should wait when talking to external systems. For example, when Nelson makes a call to Vault, or a scheduling sub-system, how long should it wait?

```
nelson.timeout = 4 seconds
```

----

## Auditing

> Nelson has an internal auditing subsystem that keeps a track of all the events that happen; from deployments to cleanup and deliberate user actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nelson has an internal auditing subsystem that keeps a track of all the events that happen, from deployments to cleanup and deliberate user actions.
```

```
nelson.audit.concurrency-limit = 4
```

#### audit.inbound-buffer-limit

The auditing system operates as a buffered queue. In order to define the behavior of Nelson, the buffer is capped to a specific value controlled by the `inbound-buffer-limit` field. In practice this should not be a problem and the default should suffice in nearly every case, but be aware that if Nelson were internally queuing more than the value specified here the queue will block until items have been consumed by one of the auditing processor threads.

```
nelson.audit.inbound-buffer-limit = 50
```

----

## Cleanup

The `cleanup` stanza controls how Nelson evaluates and executes the automatic cleanup operations on the service and job graphs.

* [cleanup.cleanup-delay](#cleanup-cleanup-delay)
* [cleanup.extend-deployment-time-to-live](#cleanup-cleanup-delay)
* [cleanup.initial-deployment-time-to-live](#cleanup-cleanup-delay)
* [cleanup.sweeper-delay](#cleanup-cleanup-delay)

#### cleanup.cleanup-delay

> Upon what cadence should Nelson process the stack topology and look for stacks that have been marked as garbage and are pending deletion. This timeout affects how quickly a stack moves from the `ready` state to the `garbage` state, and in turn how quickly items that were `garbage` actually get reaped. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cadence at which Nelson should process the stack topology and look for stacks that have been marked as garbage and are pending deletion. This timeout affects how quickly a stack moves from the `ready` state to the `garbage` state, and in turn how quickly items that were `garbage` actually get reaped. 
```

```

#### database.password

If your database is using authentication, specify the password with the `password` field:

```
nelson.database.password = "some password"
```

----

## Datacenters

----

## Docker

For some workflows and developer experience functionality, Nelson requires access to a [Docker](https://docker.com) daemon to launch and replicate containers. In order to do this, Nelson must be told how to talk to the Docker process. 

* [docker.connection](#docker-connection)
* [docker.verify-tls](#docker-verify-tls)

#### docker.connection

Docker supports a range of ways to connect to the daemon process and any of the Docker-supported URIs are valid for this field. 

```
# using tcp (recomended for security reasons)
nelson.docker.connection = "tcp://0.0.0.0:2376"

# using unix sockets
nelson.docker.connection = "unix:///path/to/docker.sock"
```

#### docker.verify-tls

Depending on your Docker process configuration, you may want to skip TLS verification. The default is to verify TLS (as that is the recommended, secure configuration), but you can optionally disable that verification here. 

```
nelson.docker.verify-tls = true
``` 

----

## Email

> Nelson can notify you by Email when changes to deployments happen. In order to do this, Nelson needs to be configured with an SMTP server. This is fully compatible with public cloud email offerings like SES (or any other provider that implements the SMTP protocol).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nelson can notify you by email when changes to deployments happen. In order to do this, Nelson needs to be configured with an SMTP server. This is fully compatible with public cloud email offerings like SES (or any other provider that implements the SMTP protocol).
```

* [github.client-id](#github-client-id)
* [github.client-secret](#github-client-secret)
* [github.github.scope](#github-github.scope)
* [github.access-token](#github-access-token)
* [github.system-username](#github-system-username)

#### github.client-id

```
nelson.github.client-id = "xxxxxxxxxxx"
```

#### github.client-secret

```
nelson.github.client-secret = "yyyyy"
```

#### github.redirect-uri

What is the fully qualified URL that Github will redirect the OAuth exchange back too. This should match the domain configured in `network.external-host` and `network.external-port`, if configured.

```
nelson.github.redirect-uri = "https://nelson.local/auth/exchange"
```

#### github.scope

What OAuth scopes should Nelson use when interacting with Github. Read more about Github OAuth scopes [on the Github documentation site](https://developer.github.com/apps/building-oauth-apps/understanding-scopes-for-oauth-apps/). 

```
nelson.github.scope  = "repo"
```

#### github.system-username

> Configure the Github username that Nelson will conduct operations as. This is needed because some operations that Nelson does are not in the context of any human interaction. For example, when Nelson conducts a deployment, it's all happening automatically and asynchronously from any human, and thus human-user OAuth tokens. To protect privacy Nelson does not store end-user OAuth tokens, and such needs its own user to interact with your Github account.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the Github username that Nelson will conduct operations as. This is needed because some operations that Nelson does are not in the context of any human interaction. For example, when Nelson conducts a deployment, it's all happening automatically and asynchronously from any human, and thus human-user OAuth tokens cannot be utilized within these operations. To protect privacy Nelson does not store end-user OAuth tokens, and as such needs its own user to interact with your Github account.  
```

```
nelson.github.system-username = "nelson"
```

#### github.access-token

Configure an access token for the account specified by `system-username`.

```
nelson.github.access-token = "replaceme"
```

----

## Network

> Specify the networking options used by Nelson, including the network interface the JVM binds too, port binding, and the address Nelson advertises in its API. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the networking options used by Nelson, including the network interface to which the JVM binds, port binding, and the address Nelson advertises in its API. 
```

* [network.bind-host](#network-bind-host)
* [network.bind-port](#network-bind-port)
* [network.external-host](#network-external-host)
* [network.external-port](#network-external-port)
* [network.idle-timeout](#network-idle-timeout)

#### network.bind-host

What host - interface - should Nelson bind its JVM server process too.

```
nelson.network.bind-host = "0.0.0.0"
```

#### network.bind-port

What TCP port should Nelson bind its JVM server process too. This is typically a non-privileged port (i.e. above port 3000).

```
nelson.network.bind-port = "9000"
```

#### network.external-host

Typically Nelson is hosted behind a reverse proxy, or otherwise bound to an internal address. In order for cookie retention to work for browsers, and for Nelson to rewrite its generated URLs to locations that are network accessible, the operator must tell Nelson what that external address is.

```
nelson.network.external-host = "nelson.yourco.com"
```

> Whilst not recommended, but you can also use an IP address here if you do not have an internal domain name server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whilst not recommended, you can also use an IP address here if you do not have an internal domain name server. 
```

```
nelson.network.external-host = "10.10.1.11"
```

#### network.external-port

If using a reverse proxy, and `external-host` is set, what port should be used for external responses (i.e. HTTP 302 redirects and so forth). If external-port is not supplied, then we assume port 443 (https)

```
nelson.network.external-port = 443
```

#### network.idle-timeout

`idle-timeout` defines how long should nelson wait before closing requests to the Nelson server process. Under the hood, this equates to `idle-timeout` on http4s' [BlazeBuilder](https://github.com/http4s/http4s/blob/master/blaze-server/src/main/scala/org/http4s/server/blaze/BlazeBuilder.scala))

```
nelson.network.idle-timeout = 60 seconds
```

#### network.monitoring-port

Nelson uses [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) as its monitoring solution. Prometheus exposes its metrics for collection via a TCP port, and the `monitoring-port` allows you to configure what port that is.

```
nelson.network.monitoring-port = 5775
```

----

## Pipeline

> Nelson's internal so-called "pipeline" is the primary queue and dequeuing mechanism from which the whole deployment process is executed. In short, the pipeline is a work-stealing dequeue, and the configuration allow you to tune the parallelism of this queue and so forth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nelson's internal "pipeline" is the primary queue and dequeuing mechanism from which the whole deployment process is executed. In short, the pipeline is a work-stealing dequeue, and the configuration allow you to tune the parallelism of this queue and so forth.
```

* [pipeline.concurrency-limit](#pipeline-concurrency-limit)
* [pipeline.inbound-buffer-limit](#pipeline-inbound-buffer-limit)

#### pipeline.concurrency-limit

Defines maximum number of pipeline workflows Nelson will handle at the same time. This limit is typically bound by the hardware that the Nelson server is running on, but a general rule of thumb is to set this value to the same number as the total count of processors that are available to on the machine (or available to Nelson if running in a container).

```
nelson.pipeline.concurrency-limit = 4
```

#### pipeline.inbound-buffer-limit

Internally, the pipeline is implemented as a queue, and all queues buffer. To avoid queuing infinitely and potentally running out of memory it is prudent to set a maximum size for the queue - most everyone should be using the default value here, and changing this should be very rare as if you have more that 50 pending deployments, something is very wrong (on the basis that Nelson typically processes an entire workflow in a few seconds).

```
nelson.pipeline.inbound-buffer-limit = 50
```

----

## Security

> Nelson has a variety of security options available to administrators. For the most part these are set-once variables, but they affect the operation of the system and can impact users, so its important to understand their purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nelson has a variety of security options available to administrators. For the most part these are set-once variables, but they affect the operation of the system and can impact users, so it's important to understand their purpose.
```

* [security.encryption-key](#security-encryption-key)
* [security.expire-login-after](#security-expire-login-after)
* [security.key-id](#security-key-id)
* [security.signature-key](#security-signature-key)
* [security.use-environment-session](#security-use-environment-session)

#### security.encryption-key

As the name suggests, this is the encryption key that Nelson uses for its session tokens, supplied and passed around by users of the Nelson API. This key is typically `base64` encoded and 24 characters long. To make generation of these encryption keys easy, we have [provided a script](https://github.com/getnelson/nelson/blob/master/bin/generate-keys) which will dynamically produce a new candidate for a key. Keep in mind that whilst these tokens need to be encrypted, the level of encryption here only needs to be good enough to protect the contents for a period defined by `expire-login-after`.

```
# this is a dummy value for example purposes only;
# !!!!!! DO NOT USE THIS VALUE !!!!!!!
nelson.security.encryption-key = "B1oy5R9nVAw1gv0zAlreRg=="
```

#### security.expire-login-after

> This field affects the cadence for which user tokens will be refreshed. To be specific, this means that can user of the Nelson CLI will, upon issuance, be able to use that token up to the maximum bound defined by this field (excluding a change in the encryption or signing keys). This value should be set to a size that is not too large, but also not too small causing users to constantly be refreshing tokens which might unduly burden the system if you have a lot of concurrent users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This field affects the cadence at which user tokens will be refreshed. To be specific, this means that the user of the Nelson CLI will, upon issuance, be able to use that token up to the maximum bound defined by this field (excluding a change in the encryption or signing keys). This value should be set to a size that is not too large, but also not too small causing users to constantly be refreshing tokens which might unduly burden the system if you have a lot of concurrent users.
```

* [template.timeout](#template-timeout)

#### template.cpu-period

Specify the [CPU CFS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Completely_Fair_Scheduler) scheduler period, which is used alongside `cpu-quota`. defaults to 100 micro-seconds.

```
nelson.template.cpu-period = 100000
```

#### template.cpu-quota

Impose a [CPU CFS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Completely_Fair_Scheduler) quota on the container. The number of microseconds per cpu-period that the container is limited to before throttled; acting as the effective ceiling for the execution.

```
nelson.template.cpu-quota = 50000
```

#### template.memory-mb

Control the maximum amount of memory assigned to this template container execution. Typically this should be a small value, and most templating engines only use a very small amount of memory. 

```
nelson.template.memory-mb = 8
```

#### template.timeout

When Nelson spawns a child container, configure the maximum duration to give the container before it is actively killed. This is set to ensure that the Nelson server does not end up with zombie containers which end up suffocating the host system.

```
nelson.template.timeout = 10 seconds
```

#### template.temp-dir

> What host-path should Nelson bind into the temporary container as a scratch space. Whatever templating engine you've selected, the output template will be written to this scratch space prior to be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What host-path should Nelson bind into the temporary container as a scratch space. Whatever templating engine you've selected, the output template will be written to this scratch space prior to being deleted.
```
